# 1 BING MAPS IMAGE DOWNLOADER USING SELENIUM

* The program needs input file in CSV format containing latitude and longitude for the upper left corner of the rectangular bounding box.
* In the input file Class value 1 indices presence of Fairy circles in the Area and 0 indicates absence of Fairy cirles in the area.
* The images will be saved in folder named "Output_screenshots" containing two separate folders named "FC" and "NON FC".
* Install the requirements for this program using the `selenium_map_downloader_reqs.txt` file

# 2 Cropping correct areas of the saved Images 

* This program is used for estimating the correct coordinates in the downloaded image to match the location area of the geographical coordinates . 
* The estimated pixel coordinates will be cropped from image and New dataset will created for Model Generation.

# 3  Install the requirements for Model Generation

* Install the required python libraries for model generation `CNN_MODEL_requirements.txt` in a new environment.

# 3.1 CNN Algorithms performance on FC Dataset

* Four CNN alogorithms have been tested for identification of Fairy Circle images namely AlexNet, InceptionV3 , ResNet50 and VGG16. Apart from AlexNet ,rest pretrained CNN algorithms on ImageNet dataset are used.
* The input RGB images are reshaped to (224,224,3) for feeding into CNN models. The code saves the best weights found for the duration of 100 epochs in resprective directories of each CNN model

# 3.2 Applying SOBEL and ROBERTS filters before Model Training

* The images are first processed by applying edge detection filters and then feeding into CNN for identification of fairy circles. 
* A Total of 8 Models (4 algos * 2 filters) were generated by applying edge detection filters.